Add docs on IGV where customers made mistakes (#3066)
quiltdata/quilt: docs/Catalog/VisualizationDashboards.md

You may specify relative paths to package files or absolute S3 URLs as data sources, and the Quilt catalog will resolve them.
HTTP URLs will remain unchanged.

> Be mindful of large files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: Please be mindful of rendering large sequences**
```

> You can restrict downloads by [`visibilityWindow` parameter](https://github.com/igvteam/igv.js/wiki/Tracks-2.0#options-for-all-track-types)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can limit the downloaded file size of the sequence by using the [`visibilityWindow` parameter](https://github.com/igvteam/igv.js/wiki/Tracks-2.0#options-for-all-track-types)
```

> (`-1` is for downloading the whole file, that could be potentially few gigabytes).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`-1` is for downloading the whole file, which could potentially
be several gigabytes in size - this may impact 
rendering speed and interactive performance).
```
